1. System fonts are fonts that are available to me because of the programs I'm using. They are fonts that are already downloaded onto my local device and system. These fonts aren't necessarily available on the web because of licensing issues. Web fonts are fonts that are optimized for performing on the web. They are custom fonts hosted on a server but in order to use them on your own device there is a certain way to call them up correctly. Web safe fonts are fonts that developers can count on being available by the system such as, Ariel, Georgia and Times New Roman. Using these fonts can ensure that the client computer will already have them, making loading time shorter.

3. It is important to have fallback fonts or a font stack in case the font you chose doesn't load. If a client is loading your website and they don't have the correct font downloaded then you need to have a font like Serif that can load as a default. It's important to choose a font that is closely related to the font you chose because if you don't the website may look way different than you intended.

3. This was probably my favorite assignement so far. I think fonts are so important to the message you are trying to get across to people. This week I started by thoroughly reading through the website material. I then watched the video tutorial and was able to follow along a lot easier because I understood the information being told to me. The only problem I had is that some changes I would make would load because I would forget to put a ; after some things on my stylesheet. I solved the problem by carefully examining my work and found the error.
